1-¿When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

R. When i do my work on more than one device, like a laptop and a PC.

2.-¿Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

R. Because it is possible that the commits on GitHub does not integrate to what i have in
my local repository. Maybe i have commits that i have not pushed on GitHub, my repository
is ahead of the origin.

3.-¿Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one
instead of another?

R. Fork is used to clone repos only inside GitHub. Clone is used to clone repos from GitHub
to my machine or cloning repos inside my machine. Branches are alternative development
workflows inside a repository.

4.-¿What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

R. It is useful if there is some commits existing on GitHub that i did not do it, then
i could have those commits in my local copy of the remote, with this i assure to be 
update with GitHub. This is necessary when you collaborate with other people in the 
same repository.

5.-¿How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and
what would be harder?

R. I will have to invent some kind of VC system like a log file in excel and constantly
be in communication with my team work. The hardest thing would be be well communicated
with my co-workers. The easier thing would be create back-ups before every change.

6.-¿When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master?
What benefits does each approach have?

R. When i want to integrate something new, try something new or just rebuild something it is when
i would make those changes in another branch not the master branch. The benefits would be the
stability that the master branch will have because any change that it is not enough tested
would not affect the main branch. Another benefit would be the efficiency by the moment of develop
something that it is not the main or productive project so you could try more thing without
the fear of broke the stable or productive project.
