1.-¿How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see 
the bug that was introduced?
R. En vez de comparar linea por linea ambos archivos con el comando 'diff'
me muestra directamente las lineas con diferencia entre ambos archivos
eficientando notablemente el tiempo de la tarea.

R. Instead of comparing every line on the files with 'diff' i will see
the lines that are diferent, so in the end i will be more focus on that
lines.

2.-¿How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you 
a more efficient programmer in the long term?
R. Para poder tener un mejor control respecto a las modificaciones que
se hacen a un archivo y así poder regresar a un punto en especifico
en el historial del archivo.

R. It help to achive a better version control over the modifications been
made on a file so you can return to a specific point in the history file 

3.-¿What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to
create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically
saved, like Google docs does?
R. La desventaja de hacer manualmente los commits es la predisposicion
del error humano ya que se podria olvidar hacer commits. La ventaja es
que tambien se tiene total control de hacer los commits cuando deben de
hacerse sin importar el tiempo que tome ya que si se hiciera de manera
automatica se podrian hacer commits cuando no existe un cambio logíco.

R. The disadvantage of manually doing Commits is the predisposition
to human errors as it might forget to do commits. The advantage that
you have total control of when should Commits have to be done regardless
of how long it takes because if you do it with Automatic commits this 
could commit when there is no logical change.

4.-¿Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat
each file separately?
-R. Por que al estar orientado a programadores es común tener proyectos
que involucren archivos altamante acoplados.

R. Because Git was made thinking in programmers and by that saving multiples
files in one commit is normal for us, imagine a project with highly coupled
files in that case is a good thing save multiples files.

5.-¿How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history
of files?
-R. El comando 'git log' es para ver en orden cronologico y ascendente los
commits efectuados, el comando 'git diff' es para comparar dos versiones
y así poder analizar los cambios efectuados.

R. Git log is used to see in chronologically order the commits and the
Git diff is used to see the differences between two commits. So with this
tool we can see the life cycle of our project and files.

6.-¿How might using version control make you more confident to make changes
that could break something?
R. Por que tendre la certeza de poder volver unas cuantas versiones atras
y detectar los bugs que hayan aparecido.

R. Because i will have the option of return to a previous state/commit that
is stable and work, VC gives me the confident to try things without fear to
break somthing beyon repair.

7.-¿Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using
Git for?
R. Creación, modificación y mantenimiento de proyectos

R. Create, modify and maintain personal and work projects.